>> Steve Kinney: So
let's go take a look at it real quick and
kind of see what that looks like,
how do you get to it?
You got a few options
which slightly in here,
that's the one that's running, so
I can also make a background
agent here where you can see.
You select the branch and
you can say okay,
on main I will probably go to a code base
that has something a little bit more.
I'll show you in the UI
in a second as well, but
you can effectively set one of
these to go, so let's actually go.
Is it the fastest way?
I don't know, my good Lord,
I have opened too many windows in
my tiny screen Manage account.
That's what I want, and
we'll pull that tab up, and
I will show you that second
dashboard in a second.
But you have these background agents and
you can kind of set them up,
you say default model, do auto.
As you can see,
all the thinking models in O3,
the fancy models are your choices,
so on and so
forth for setting that up,
and go to agents over here.
If you ever want to use OpenAI Codex,
I will show it to you in another window
in a second, you'll have to squint hard.
I think the only difference is
Cursor's UI is always dark and
Codex's is only dark in
the evening on my computer, so
they will look wildly different
because of dark mode and light mode.
But it's the same basic idea where
you've got effectively this prompt,
and I'm going to select Repo,
it's every frontend master's repo
I have ever worked on in my life,
like thousands of to-do lists.
So let's actually grab this one, and
I can pick a branch,
we'll just choose main and
let's say like audit all of the Svelte
components for any accessibility issues.
And this is going to run in the background
and again, like for some of these,
like I would not have it built a new
feature without having lots of
documents of reference
being very hands on.
But get an audit or with some of these
you can just ask questions about it or
something like that, where I'm gonna
look at the PR and approve or reject it,
I feel good about that.
So at that point you can kick it off,
to be clear,
it's kind of like a talk show where
they throw a turkey in the oven,
I don't know how long it's going to take,
it's somewhat unclear.
Like we'll let it go while we
talk about other things and
then we'll check on it to see if the
turkey's ready to come out of the oven.
So you can kick one of these off again, it
runs in the background, I can have it open
a pull request, I'm going to stop talking,
talk about something else.
We'll go check on it a little bit because
otherwise it's just going to be a spinning
thing for an indeterminate amount of time.
Let's talk about the other
part of the dashboard,
most importantly the cost piece.
As you can see,
you can have a subscription, but
there are still stuff like fast prompts or
elevated prompts using different models.
Most of the time,
anytime you deviate from auto,
you are playing a game of you
will probably pay per request.
You can set budgets for
how much you're willing to spend and
you can get a sense of what that is,
I think if I'm not mistaken,
I don't know what I was doing on July 1st,
but July 1st was a big day for me.
In Cursor, no idea, I don't remember
what happened the other day.
I could look at my calendar and
see what I was up to that day, but
July 1st was a big day and make
the rest kind of like rounding errors.
But you can kind of get a sense of
lines of agent edits, and again,
the more important part is like
setting that budget if you need to.
There is,
I'm trying to remember where it is usage,
where you can see then like roughly
like what model calls you made,
how many tokens were used,
what it cost you.
If you blow past, I think like $25,
it'll like mid-July charge or
whatever, and so like that's where
the budget stuff gets handy.
I will warn you, they are welcome to
capitalism, they make it very easy for
you to approve upping that budget,
and it is the danger,
everyone's like, I'm vibe coding and
I get into a flow state.
I got real spendy in those flow states,
we're doing great things and
then when I get reset hard a day or
two later, it's a humbling experience.
Look at this, it's done,
it's almost like I planned it and
I think what's interesting is
I can zoom in a little bit
here is it kind of does give
you the prompt and the summary.
I got a 7 out of 10,
which is I'm not entirely sure I left
the state of the code before I flew
out here and I think I just pushed
up because it's not live code,
and so it'll give me a sense.
I was definitely working on that
on Monday, of what those are and
the steps that it took and this is very
similar to the chat that you saw earlier.
Where you can see all the stuff
that was in there as well, and
kind of the steps that it took and
kind of get a look at all of that.
This is the OpenAI version, which,
if my browser was in dark mode,
would look suspiciously
like the other version.
Here you can pick which repo, here you
can pick which branch you wanted to do.
Actually, this is what we talked about
before without the git work trees,
because making multiple other directories
and deleting them on my computer,
I see the power in that.
And I was compelled to do it because I was
like, I have other thoughts of things that
I want to do and so then I would
make all these extra work trees and
the ergonomics of that didn't feel great,
and
there's a tool that made it
somewhat better, but not really.
But you can do the same idea here with
Codex, where you can say, one, two,
three or four versions and take a look.
Then you can see in the archive,
you can go into
one of these, and
it'll show you effectively.
And again, there's two modes to this one,
which is either request
changes in the very beginning,
you set between agent, or ask in Cursor.
Hey, I have questions, or
I would like you to do a thing,
if you start out with questions,
you can always switch into, all right,
I've asked enough questions,
I'm ready for you to do a thing.
But this one, I've done a thing,
and this is a merged PR, but
you can see it will go through, it will
kind of like propose a bunch of changes.
And then in my case, there is a button
here to open up a PR that goes to
the regular git process as well.
Let's go ahead, let's do the same thing
in here, because then hopefully I'll
show you something else, which is
audit all of the Svelte components.
This is like, again, we see the things
on YouTube, let me type this,
and then I'll talk that
way that at least goes.
So in this case,
we've got ask, we've got code,
I'm gonna say code because we can roughly
guess what Ask does, and it will show up.
And this is the thing that
I tease the people who
are talking about,
they started a SaaS in a weekend.
And good, I'm sure they did, but
I think, hey, audit my components for
accessibility and tell me about it,
is incredibly powerful.